No, because liberalism is opposed to no
liberal liberalism liberalism iso
opposed to uh tyranny.
>> Okay. inherently
>> first of all
>> particularly of monarchy
>> your liberal framework has amendments in
it and these amendments can be at any
time changed by liberal framework the
constitution or is it a framework of of
no it's political philosophy the
constitution isn't my political
philosophy
>> yeah if we're talking
what would we be using if
>> and I want to make sure that your
political philosophy isn't kind of
important when we're talking about
liberalism
>> but I thought your political philosophy
was just life liberty pursuit of
happiness No.
>> Oh,
>> that was something I pointed to as like
a essential American ethos.
>> So, what is the liberal foundational
philosophy then?
>> Uh, typically it's going to be uh
maximizing like freedoms and and and
rights of people. So, giving people both
uh rights um and what's the other one
when it's not rights, it's like
privileges. I forget the word. I'm I'm
blanking right now. Uh it gives them
access to rights. It has strong
institutions. And in more modern forms
of liberalism, which I like by the way,
it believes in a uh social safety net.
Entitle. Entitlements.
>> Entitlements.
>> No, there's like a fill there's a
political fill word where it's like you
have both rights and oh, I don't know
why I can't think of this word right
now. My brain is like uh you could
probably look it up. Right. Liberties.
Rights and liberties.
>> Okay. And
>> liberties are the things that you get
that aren't your right.
>> The problem you have here is that your
foundation here is is democracy, right?
>> Uh well, a liberal system, I think,
works best with a democracy. I think
liberal democracy
>> so within the confines of a democracy as
long as people vote out the liberal
system the liberal system literally lets
them do that right
>> yeah I agree but this is why I think
that the founding fathers did a really
good job of setting up like girding
principles against this right I'm not
maximal for democracy actually like
liberalism more than I like democracy
right so I want my democracy to stay
within the confines of liberal values
>> that's nice so let's make your
>> it is nice it's made all of this it's
made the best countries on the America
the country you hate apparently and
don't think stands for anything. You
must You want to go back to a time
before America existed. You want to go
back to the Byzantine Empire.
>> When When did I say anything?
>> You said this multiple times. I've
listened to you say that literally.
>> I've known you for three years. I've
known you since the big public.
>> You like to put $1,000 on the fact I've
never said anything like going back to
the Byzantine Empire. I'll bet you the
Byzantine Empire was great.
>> Never even said that.
>> Really? You don't like the Byzantine
Empire?
>> I Whether I do or don't doesn't mean I
ever said that we should go back to it,
does it?
>> Wait. Do you believe this is
>> Wait, wait, wait.
>> I'm not doing No, I'm not doing a bet
with you.
>> Yeah. No, of course not.
>> Because I'm having a Wait. Well, first
of all, I'm poor, so if I lose, I
literally can't pay you, so there's no
point. But second,
>> 500.
>> I I probably literally don't have 500.
>> 250.
>> I could maybe spend 100, but I'm not
interested in making a bet with you.
>> Well, now I understand.
>> Well, this is this is the reason why I'm
rejecting the bet is because you're
doing the thing again where you're
trying to catch me on like a couple of
key words when I'm trying to talk about
an idea. And so it's like if I say a few
key words that like you don't like, we
can correct them. But I would ask you,
do you think the Byzantine Empire was
good? Do you like it? Do you think that
there's some level of what that empire
was that we should try to adopt?
>> I think all systems have things which
are valable.
>> You think we should try to adopt it into
the American system?
>> No, not the Byzantine Empire. No, of
course not.
>> What What empire would you like to see?
>> Well, I don't see you see how you just
loaded that. Why would I
>> Why would I want to see an empire?
>> I can I can unload it.
>> What uh states craft would you like to
see?
>> Yeah. So, I'm glad that you asked. Now
that we understand, I I feel like after
letting you talk here for a while, I
actually understand a much broader base
for your position.
>> Took three hours for you to get there.
Congrats.
>> Well, you don't stop talking.
>> I made I stopped talking lots and I've
made it pretty simple. You just
>> I've been I've been letting you go and
go and go. So, now we can get to the I
have I've been letting you go and go and
go. I just asked you a few questions.
Ditto, right?
>> I mean, I've tried to internally
critique you. I don't really want it.
Keep running away from it. Christian
>> and then being bad faith and being like,
"Oh, yeah. I actually don't think God
exists. Let's all assume."
>> I I know I'm terrible, but
>> I don't think you're terrible.
>> So now, now we've gotten to Christian.
>> Just so it's clear. I just want to be
clear. I don't think Andrew,
>> can I can I say a word?
>> Well, I don't want people walking around
thinking,
>> "Can I say anything in this debate?"
>> Do you think that I think you're
terrible?
>> No. Eerite, who cares?
>> You said it.
>> Oh my god. Can we get back to the
debate?
>> You said it.
>> Okay. Can we get back to the debate?
>> Well, do you think that I think you're
terrible?
>> Oh my god. Who cares?
>> You said it.
>> Yeah, I do. I think you think Smoky Man
bad. Yes.
>> Okay. I don't.
>> Okay. Great. So, anyway, back to the
debate. I just want to make sure because
you haven't actually answered this
question. If Christian nationalists
change the amendments of the
Constitution, they changed them.
>> Mhm.
>> So, now Christian nationalists go first
amendment, that's gone.
>> Right.
>> Gotcha.
What the [__] is wrong with doing that
if it's in it if it's actually in the
confines of the American system to do
that?
>> So, as a Christian, I say it's
uncchristian to do. That's nice. I'm
asking about the political philosophy,
remember?
>> So, uh, the Sure. Within the political
philosophy, I would say I don't believe
in absolute democracy. I believe in
democracy that serves liberalism values
because I think liberalism is the best
political philosophy we received. So, if
a nation state would vote in an
authoritarian, which has actually
happened many times. I think that's bad
and I think the nation state has failed
in that case. And I think that we should
do our best with democracies to prevent
the uh overtaking of radical.
>> That doesn't actually answer my
question.
>> Sure, it does. Liberalism provides girds
against that. I'm not for absolute
democracy. So, In my liberal system, I
would say
>> so who shouldn't vote?
>> What?
>> Who shouldn't vote?
>> I haven't said anything about who
shouldn't vote.
>> Well, when you say absolute democracy,
what does that mean?
>> So, uh like popular vote, like I don't
want um just because somebody gets the
most votes of people, I don't think that
that should be the leader cuz like
cities are more popular than
>> utilizing the system which is liberalism
and is the American framework, Christian
nationalists can get amendments passed
in order to tailor things to
Christianity.
>> They can. I just think that that's wrong
for Christians to do.
>> Yeah, that's nice that you think that.
But from a political philosophy, when
you're talking about political
philosophy, it is just utilizing
liberalism.
>> Sure. But I would say that it's also
unamerican to do because I think
>> yeah, how we've amendments against all
of this
>> [__] because we can go back to the
beginning because I said the American
ethos is built on things like ingenuity,
life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness.
And I think when you take over the first
a nationalist and you make it so that
people don't have free speech, they can
only praise God, for example, I think
that's unamerican because I think the uh
founding fathers wrote it in
intentionally to separate these things.
They did not want to impose religion on
other people. And I think that that's
good and I think it's an American.
>> Why are they putting in an amendment
system?
>> Because uh they recognize that over time
they're like like technology and
development occurs. So there are things
that they haven't even thought of that
might be relevant. For example,
stakeholdership. They recognize
>> or like for example people are rejecting
the status quo and they want to move
outside of the idea of liberalism.
>> I think the founding fathers probably
thought that democracy was good no
matter what and that we should
definitely try to stay.
>> That's really funny because they
basically let nobody vote. Well, why if
you want to go
>> didn't trust the electorate by their
Yes. Oh, yes.
>> No.
>> Oh, yeah. 10,000%.
>> Okay, we can just go to Federalist
number two. You're very wrong about
this.
>> Oh, no. I'm very right. The Federalist
Papers even are specific about this.
There's a reason that they demanded that
there be stakeholders in the nation.
They actually did not trust the
electorate. Even the stakeholders they
had a large amount of distrust for.
>> Well, the issue what they actually had
is they recognized that um different So,
when we say stakeholders, we mean like
people that have some stakes in the
country, right? Yeah.
>> Okay. So the reason that they recognized
is that different people would have
different stakes in the country and so
they were very concerned about people
with very low stakes in the country to
uh which was most people
>> but the stakes so land most people
>> so land owning was used as a proxy
because they they thought if anyone is
going to want to see America continue
and America to flourish irrespective of
what they personally want
>> then most people couldn't vote
>> it would be land owners.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So most people couldn't vote.
>> I agree.
>> Yeah. For a reason. Well, I would say
the reason was built on bad premises,
right? They were concerned, for example,
that the landless man would be less
invest in invested in the country. And I
would say there's a lot of people that
don't own land. They're very patriotic.
You got to interrupt me cuz I'm cooking,
don't you?
>> Yeah. And under the Well, I got You got
to be able to talk too.
>> You have lots.
>> I've barely said a word. For an hour,
I've just let you prattle. It's my turn,
too.
>> First of all, for the last hour, you've
insisted on internally critiquing only
me, and you wouldn't let me internally
critique.
>> You can internally critique. you you can
internally critique. But here's my
question to you. I'm just curious
because I still don't understand why it
would be that if we changed an amendment
that's anti-democratic or anti-liberal
anti-democratic. I said that it would be
unamerican.
>> It's not unamerican.
>> Yes, it is because the first
>> we've changed how many amendments?
>> Uh we've added a number of amendments.
Yeah.
>> And changed them.
>> Sure. That's fine.
>> Like for instance, we added we added
women's suffrage. We had an amendment
for prohibition and then we got rid of
the amendment for prohibition. We've
added and taken away many amendments.
The American system is actually a
hodgepodge, isn't it?
>> Yeah. And I think that's one of the
beauties of it. But I think like one of
the things that are central to the
American dream, the thing that makes
America stick out, which makes it the
unique country that it was so unique
actually that when other monarchies
fell, they adopted similar structures to
us is things like free speech, like
life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness. Thomas Jefferson and the
founding fathers looked at at the world
and said we need a government system
that's for the common man and reduces
the capacity liberalism built into the
liberalism the idea of the guard rail
bumpers right checks and balances
>> if the population gets the right to vote
which it now has it has almost totally
universal suffrage except in very
minimal cases
>> then passing these amendments becomes
much easier based on the agenda of the
people that's within the
because at that point you can
consolidate power blocks in parties
which was an emergent property of
universal suffrage. Um, so the issue is
when you have these two parties, why
would you be more likely to pass an
amendment when amendments actually
require a large amount of votes, right?
You can't just, it's not just 50/50,
right? I don't remember what
>> because if you have two parties, you're
probably going to have a lot of your
politicians under one party flag or the
other,
>> right? You want them to work together.
It's a separation of power.
>> No, unless one has overwhelming control,
which can easily happen.
>> Yes. But it's actually interesting when
you look at like the creation of the
United States. They went back and back
to this. I just want to make sure
>> you don't want to deal with any facts of
the reality.
>> When you have if you have an
overwhelming amount of a single party
who's in charge, right, then getting
things passed is much much easier.
>> Sure, it absolutely is much easier. But
this is why, for example, we've done
things like splitting the Senate so that
you need like 60 votes to try to prevent
like true partisan voting.
>> They can into they can end the
filibuster.
>> They could. They probably won't, which
is unfortunate, but they could.
>> They may. And the thing is they can also
pack the court. That's all within the
confines of liberalism.
>> I agree. The very idea here that we
can't utilize liberalism to remove parts
of li of the liberal framework that we
don't like
>> is well then there can be no it's not
unamerican it's the most I would say
it's unamerican to reduce get rid of
some of the most foundational things
which is like the pursuit of life and
happiness I think that if we do things
like that it's not it's not getting rid
of any of those
>> hold on you can do that but if for
example Christian nationalists took
power and they wanted to get rid of the
first amendment I would say that that is
a violation of life, liberty, that's a
big violation of liberty, which would be
unamerican. I would say those Christian
nationalists are unamerican. They don't
believe in the ethos that made the state
great, which was the common man gets a
say that he has his rights protected.
>> Would you say the same thing about the
Second Amendment?
>> Uh, yeah, I actually like the Second
Amendment.
>> Great. So, I I should be able to own a
bazooka.
>> Uh, potentially. I just think like all
of the like natural limits to it are
>> What are natural limits?
>> Uh, most people can't afford it. Um,
they like storage, for example, I think
to store it.
>> They're within Yeah, they're within the
confines. Sure, but I think a state
would regulate a lot on like what you
can like do with it.
>> Wait a wait a second. I'm a Canadian.
>> Wait, are you against 2A?
>> Are you saying Are you Are you against
2A?
>> Are you saying No, no. I'm a big Second
Amendment.
>> So, should you be able to own a bazooka?
>> Sure.
>> Okay. Why?
>> Absolutely. Well, because it's within
the confines of the right.
>> Why does that matter though? What if we
voted to get rid of that?
>> Yeah. I believe in the right of
self-defense.
>> Well, what if we voted to get rid of
that?
>> Then that would be within the confines
of the liberal framework.
>> Would that be okay with you?
>> Okay. No. I would object on different
grounds though. I'm not a liberal.
>> Sure. Yeah, of course. I would object.
>> The liberal though, right? That's within
the confines of the framework to
completely eliminate the Second
Amendment.
>> Sure. I I've never rejected that. I've
said that it would be unamerican to
>> How's that unamerican?
>> Because I think like 2A for example, gun
gun culture is extremely American. It's
a deeply deeply American value.
>> Sure, I would agree with that. But
what's not unamerican is removing
amendments that Americans don't like.
That's the most American thing.
>> Um, sure.
>> The most American thing is Americans
introducing things and amendments that
they like. It's getting rid of
amendments that they don't like. It's
doing things that they [__] want
based on what it is that they want. And
so if Americans say we want Christian
nationalism and we'll impose various
amendments for Christian nationalism,
that is the most American thing.
>> I think if America goes back towards
like a more theocratic state, I think it
is fundamentally now have become
something that isn't America anymore. I
would be the person running around like
Trump said based on what we need to make
America the founding fathers and the
entire founding fathers gave the states
the ability to the entire point of the
revolutionary war which was to break
away from tyranny and to separate power
so that the common man had a chance to
exist and have a right to have a right
to speak to those who
>> was great sloganering but the truth is
the revolutionary war was about money
the very first thing George Washington
did was implement a tax very first thing
he did was institute and it led to the
whiskey rebellion he put a tax on
whiskey. Do you think that like our
founders who wanted uhortion taxes
directly abortion taxes wanted us in any
way to have a [__] income tax because
that is against life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness? We're the most
taxed country on planet earth. One of
the most taxed on planet earth.
>> I don't think that's right. Most western
liberal democracies are taxable.
>> If you went back if you went back to
walk that one back, if you went back to
our founders,
>> can we see if there's anybody that taxes
more on income than America? I just want
to fact check. You could.
>> It's not just income.
one of the most taxed countries on
planet earth.
There's no other western liberal
democracy.
>> I said, "One of the most." Yes. So
anyway, the
>> You said the most, but yeah.
>> Okay, whatever. There's my qualifier.
>> Well, look, we can actually give grace
to whatever. So anyway, back to this
before you divert again cuz that's all
you do is divert.
>> When it is the case,
>> not diverted. I'm answering all your
question.
>> When it is the case that you move back
to I I don't know, let's say 1,800, do
you think that they would have allowed
an income tax? Uh, I'm not sure. I have
no idea. Probably not. I have no idea.
>> Do you think that the way that people
are taxed right now that our founders
fought for that?
>> Uh, sort of. Yes.
>> Yes.
>> Sort of. Yes. Because I think the thing
that the founders cared about was that
the common man gets a say on the policy.
>> They did not want an income tax
>> at all.
>> Okay. I don't think income tax by itself
just breaks this entire American ethos.
I don't think like it's just shattered.
Right. So, I imagine
>> why not? Because like I said before,
>> it's a threat to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness.
>> How is it a threat to life and liberty?
>> Because they're directly taking an
unaportioned tax from people.
>> How is that a Sorry. How is that a
threat to life and liberty? I'll just
ask you again.
>> Because don't you think that you need to
have money in order to have liberty?
>> Sure. But in in case of liberties, this
is things you get access to. So one of
the things that taxes do is they give
you access to things like free
education.
>> Okay. Wait a second. The income, you can
have sales taxes, things like that.
That's constitutional. Yeah.
>> Initially there was no income tax in the
constitution.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah. So why was that passed? Do you
know?
>> Um probably because we needed to have
greater government receipts so that we
could pay for the things that we wanted
that we collectively had decided would
be better for
>> because of the monster of Jackal Island.
It was written by a bunch of bankers
essentially and Jackson was against it
first and he killed
>> he was against the centralized
>> he killed the well because the bank
wanted to create an income tax.
>> That's not actually just
>> it is actually true.
>> So so I agree that that's true. The what
you're presuming though, you're trying
to make it seem like Jackson was most
opposed because of income tax. Jackson
was most opposed to the central bank to
the central bank specifically because he
was concerned about government statesmen
having access and control over economy.
He wanted that to be separate
separation.
>> He was concerned about debt. That's why
one of the first things he did was pay
ours off.
>> Okay. All it was all it was about debt.
>> So you'd agree that Jackson had multiple
reasons for why he was opposed not just
income tax.
>> Yeah. But in income tax would have made
him lose his [__] mind. So do you
think that it is un
it's the most so it's completely
American to roll back the income tax.
It's completely American to roll back
all of these various amenities again.
You're so what you're doing is you're
saying liberalism and the and the
process of democracy gives us the
capacity to change rules and you're
saying that's America
>> that's the most American.
>> No. So I'm arguing that the most
American thing is the value of life,
liberty, the pursuit of happiness,
ingenuity, science,
>> but you keep equivocating because you
and you say that's not foundationalism
or that's not a foundation for my
philosophy is life, liberty, pursuit of
happiness. And then when I say the most
American thing that we can do is the
most is the sorry how is this
>> is the American thing that we always do
and then you move back and forth between
these two ideals as though they're
interchangeable.
My foundation's actually political
ideology. No, my foundation's actually
life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness.
>> I've never said both ways. Hold on,
Andrew. So, you're Kyla,
>> you're being bad faith again.
>> God, you're being bad faith, Kyla, by
saying I'm bad faith.
>> Good job. So, I have never said that my
my moral system is life, liberty, and
pursuit.
>> I didn't say moral system.
>> You did.
>> I'm I'm talking about no foundational
system for for liberalism.
>> Uh for American uh for the American
ethos, not for liberalism, whatever that
is. No, I said the foundation for
liberalism is some thing of balance of
state power, right? There is uh strong
institutions, protections of human
rights and uh liberties and in modern
liberalism especially some form of like
welfare state or caretaking.
>> Now, so hold on. Can we just acknowledge
right now that you are the one
equivocating because you slipped
>> going to make sure that we have it.
>> Hold on. Just let me finish my thoughts.
>> Go ahead.
>> You were saying that my moral system is
this life, liberty, and pursuit of
happiness. But I've never said that the
foundation of America. foundation of
America. And I said, "Yeah, that's the
American ethos." And they said, "Yeah,
liberalism." I said, "No, liberalism's
foundation is these other things." So,
you're the one equivocating. You're
trying to
>> Let's make sure I'm not equivocating.
When we reduce it down,
>> the thing that makes Christian
nationalism unamerican is that it's a
threat to life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness.
>> That Christian nationalists, if they had
their way, would impose Christian ethics
and restrictions on people that they
wouldn't accept. And I think
realistically, Christian nationalists,
if they had their full way, would usher
in a theocracy. And theocracy is
fundamentally unamerican.
>> Got it? Now let's say Christian
nationalists are able to take power,
okay, through their, you know,
minations, uh, running for political
office, guys like Fuentes, super
popular, many people like this, they
sway the electorate, the electorate puts
them in office under the promise that
they're going to change many of these
things,
>> right?
>> I'd say those American people are not
American.
>> I get it. They're not. They're very
unamerican. These Americans are very
unamerican and bad Christians. I get it.
These guys get in office and all they do
is this. They just immediately legislate
that you can't be prostitutes. No
prostitution, no pimping, no gay
marriage. Right. That's all they do.
They keep everything else equal. Right.
Can you tell me why it would be that you
would oppose that?
>> Um, typically in the criminalization of
prostitution, we typically see that
women are disproportionately abused as a
result.
>> Well, how would it be unamerican, I
guess? Um, I didn't say it would be
unamerican.
>> Okay. But it's definitely in direct
violation of this whole liberty thing,
right?
>> Not necessarily. Right. Like prostitutes
specifically. Are you
>> Yeah. But homosexuals, for instance.
>> So, are you also wanting to impose a law
that homosexuals can't get married?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Then I would oppose that. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Because it's a threat to liberty.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, how come three people can't
get married?
>> Uh, mostly I think right now it's
taxation. I
>> Yeah. But I mean, if
>> if we can make a
>> if we can make it happen
>> legally, sure. I don't have a problem
with it. Legally, cuz legality is not my
moral system.
>> 17 people.
>> Uh, sure. I hold on. What What
reasonable world exists where 17 people
are getting legally married?
>> Well, right now, we just recently had
three people who got married. I don't
see why you couldn't add a fourth or a
fifth. I
>> I'm saying, do you think it's reasonable
to presume that 17 people are going to
get married?
>> Yes.
>> Really?
>> Okay. I think you're absurd.
>> I at least think it's reasonable to
assume four or five would. So the thing
is,
>> okay,
>> well, if if it's three, why can't it be
four?
>> I've spent time with people, but maybe
you haven't.
>> I don't know. If three people just got
married, why couldn't it be four?
>> Well, I would argue, for example, in the
case of polycules, even a lot of these
relationships tend to fall apart because
I I don't
>> But they can still get married
>> legally. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, anyway,
>> so again, yes, if we could create a
taxation system that could manage 17
people getting married legally, I don't
have an issue with it necessarily.
>> Got it. Now,
>> but that's not more.
>> Now, hang on. Let's say that that we
allow for we pass an amendment. Liberals
pass an amendment and it says three
people can get married. Okay? And this
is now part of a new constitutional
amendment. Christian nationalists get
power. They remove that constitutional
amendment. That is now violating the
idea of liberty.
>> Now you're violating the idea, the very
ideal of liberty. So that would be
unamerican for those Christian
nationalists to get rid of three people
getting married if there was an
amendment. Right?
>> So this is where plural pluralism comes
in. You're making it seem as though like
I'm a liberty extremist, right? I think
that there are some liberties that can
be like girded, right? I don't want
people running around maximally doing
anything they want at any given time and
neither does liberalism typically
because liberalism is also
>> where do we draw the threshold then
because your whole objection to
Christian nationalists gay marriage
probably three because I don't think
taxation would ever be functional for
>> Okay. So they pass an amendment three
people can get married. That's what I
said.
>> True.
>> And and then Christian nationalists take
control and the only thing that they
remove is that amendment.
>> I probably personally wouldn't have an
issue with it
>> but that that's a threat to liberty.
that's hurting people's liberty.
>> I don't I don't think necessarily.
>> How is it not necessarily hurting their
liberty?
>> Because I'm not a liberty maximalist,
which is what you're trying to
>> So what
>> what do you mean?
>> It still it would still be hurting their
liberty whether you're a maximalist or
not.
>> So for example, the reason why we might
not allow three people to get married
legally is because it may create
situations where people like divorce
situations can't be like easily solved.
It makes divorces extremely messy
particularly because manages the
divorce. Yeah.
>> So the issue is now your hypothetical is
going imagine we exist in a world that
is fundamentally not in any way like the
world that we exist now and I'm like I
don't know in this fundamental world
where like human beings don't
>> three people just got married. If three
people can get married then those three
people can already get divorced and if
they have children those three people
can already have some kind of custodial
[__] problem with
>> they already have major custodial issues
issues within divorce court. is increas
>> so how would that not be a threat to
liberty
>> well we might not allow this liberty
because it actually the divorce courts
and the way that the system works it
limits people in such a way that we
can't actually function
>> so then Christian nationalists going in
and limiting liberty is not really a
problem
>> to some extent yeah
>> to some extent so them outlying gay
marriage that's a problem but not three
people getting married why
>> because I would say consensually as a
society we've agreed that gay people can
get legally
>> so if cons no we never did there was no
vote on that We voted for the electorate
that did this.
>> Okay. And you're voting for the
electorate who goes in and undoes it. So
what?
>> Uh I would say that that opposite that
in this case the only reason that you're
doing that is because you think being
gay is evil. So
>> I think that that's wrong to police.
>> That's nice you think that. But they
were elected. They got in they got into
office.
>> It's not nice that I think that I would
say that Thank you. I would say that
it's fundamentally uncchristian for them
to do because now at this point they are
not imposing something like
>> but your liberalism can't your
liberalism can't actually stop at one
matter to any argument
>> it it is not unamerican for them to go
in and change amendments that's the most
American
>> we're just back here again so what I
would say is that there are some things
that are central to the American ethos
right but these things are not uh
maximalist so what you're trying to do
is you're trying to say well you're for
liberty you're for maximal liberty and
I'm like no I'm for some limitations on
course you are because you're going What
about 17 people? And I'm like, I don't
know. I don't live in a world where
that's even like kind of functionally
reasonable. I don't know what I think
about 17 people getting married at a
legal level.
>> Just three.
>> Sure. Even just three. I'm not even sure
what I think about three people getting
married legally because I think that
there's going to be a lot of
complications as far as like how we
manage these things necessarily because
I'm not a liberty absolutist. But I do
think that the value of liberty, giving
common man access to these choices is
central to the American equal. What
would be wrong with Christian
nationalists going in, right? Pack they
pack the court and then they go ahead
and re or don't even pack the court.
They just put they just put they just
put two Supreme Court justices, new ones
on. They reinterpret that uh well, you
know what? Gays actually can't get
married. They over they overturn a
burgerfell.
>> Uh one of my issues would be them
intentionally packing the court. I think
>> No, I just took that off the table. They
just put in two new Supreme Court
justices. That's it.
>> How do they do that?
>> Because two of them die.
>> Uh okay, so two of them die. They they
elect two of them with the intention of
packing the court. So they're
specifically selecting
>> forget packing the court.
>> Do they select them on the basis that
these judges will be Christian as well
and and and and make
>> they're selecting them because the party
in charge wants them that.
>> Yeah. I think that that's the bad point
already because I do not think that we
should be putting
>> that's how parties do it now. They put
in justices that they want that they
think are going to represent their
views.
>> Do you think that I like the fact that
we try to make the uh judicial system uh
partisan? That's very unAmerican. I
>> I think it is unamerican.
>> No, it's very unamerican for you to go
against that.
>> Why?
>> Because it's the most American thing.
That's how we've always done it.
>> I would say I would say that if it's not
gingerting the the common man, the
pursuit of life, liberty, and happiness,
packing the courts, for example, I think
is bad. I think that this is not a good
thing to do. I don't want partisan
courts. The point hold on the American
the American idea, the zeitgeist of the
separation of powers actually really,
really, really matters because one of
the things that's fundamental to
Americanism is the opposition of
tyranny. And how you oppose tyranny is
you separate power. So if you're packing
the court to be biased towards a single
side, you're already engaging in some of
>> What about them getting rid of abortion?
>> What about it?
>> Yeah. Does that is that hurting life or
helping life?
>> Uh depends on what you think life is.
>> Well, I'm asking you.
>> Uh so I'm for the decriminalization of
abortion entirely because I think when
you look at the actual Yeah. When you
look at the ramifications of abortion
policy, it leads to more infant deaths,
more mother deaths, more children in
foster care, more children in poverty,
and more children. more or less American
that abortion's banned.
>> I I don't think that this is necessarily
an American concept. Not everything is
is like tied to the
>> So if Christian nationalists get in and
they completely outlaw abortion, right,
via constitutional amendment,
>> I think that they would then be imposing
onto non-Christians their view of human
life.
>> That's nice. But that doesn't violate
any of the life, liberty, or pursuit of
happiness that you consider Americanism
to be. It reinforces life. It would be
because probably 50 I think it's like
50% of the population definitely
disagrees with the contention of when
life is.
>> Who cares? You're not an extremist. The
main thing is that if it's the case
>> What do you mean who cares?
>> Well, first of all,
>> probably the the voting electoral.
>> Yeah, sure. The ones who elected the
Christian nationalists.
>> Uh well, more so in this case, the ones
who didn't.
>> So now the Christian there's it's the
most American thing possible when
Christian nationalists get in. How's
that tyranny? by by trying to impose
only Christian ethics on other people,
knowing for a fact that 50% of the
population would not want to adhere to
>> 50% of the population doesn't want to
adhere to abortion. They think that
abortions
>> they don't have to get abortions. Isn't
that crazy?
>> They think you're murdering people.
>> Sure, but they don't have to get an
abortion. It
>> doesn't matter. You're not allowed to
murder people.
>> Wait, does the state compel anyone to
get an abortion?
>> Why would that matter?
>> Because it kind of matters if you're
talking about the Christian. Is it the
case that if the state said that you
could like murder random people that you
could object to that in a democracy?
>> Uh yes.
>> So you can object to [__] people
murdering people in your democracy.
>> You can of course
>> and you can get an amendment together to
say stop murdering people.
>> No, this is fine as long as the reason
that Christians aren't doing it is
intentionally to impose Christian ethics
on non-Christians.
>> And yet you have not made an argument
for why that's even bad. You've just
said within the framework like No, no,
no. I said no. I said Christians
imposing Christian ethics on
non-Christians is unbiblical. It's
heretical to do.
>> Yeah, we're talking about whether or not
it's unamerican.
>> No, I've said from the beginning.
>> Now you're going to [__] equivocate.
We're talking about what's unamerican 5
seconds ago.
>> You trying to slant me into specific
types of arguments that I'm not making.
It's equivocating.
>> No, you said that this is this is the
most American thing we could do.
>> What?
>> To outlaw abortion for for the purpose
of life. Arerodite. The purpose of life.
I said this.
>> No, no, no. We're talking about what's
unamerican or American. I'm postulating
that it's the most American thing we can
do if the idea is life, liberty, and
pursuit of happiness for Christian
nationalists to outlaw abortion.
>> Do you think it would be also super
American to get rid of uh evolution in
in class?
>> I don't know if that would be American
or not American.
>> Well, Christian nationalists would
probably want to do it. Is that American
or not?
>> I don't think that they would.
>> Would they? What do you mean? They've
lit they've multiple times advocated for
removal of evolution from the Louisiana
Act of 2008. I think that that should be
left up to the states like the 10th
amendment says.
>> Okay.